First, we would like to take the opportunity to thank the reviewers for their precious time spent on these valuable reviews. There were two major mistakes pointed out in the reviews. First, there is incomplete literature on the eye-tracking technology used in human robot interaction. Second, some of the details are missing in the experiment description. 

We propose to improve our paper in the following ways:

1. Lack of literature review: this has been the main point of criticism that we received. We propose that in the improved version we will only focus on the eye-tracking studies used to explore the underlying cognition in human robot interaction. We will mention the usage of eye-tracking as a control for robot movement planning very briefly, but the main emphasis will be on the studies focused on the cognitive side of the human robot interaction. We will also refocus the eye-tracking scenarios meant for studying the cognitive façade of the human robot interaction only.

2. We acknowledge the fact that we missed a few of the eye-tracking scenarios and techniques (like when the eye-tracker is positioned on a moving tablet or when we are eye-tracking more than one moving persons). Thanks to the elaborated reviews we are now in a position to provide a complete picture of all the possible scenarios. 

3. We also propose to add a figure evidencing the position of eye-tracking technique within the cloud of different techniques to assess cognitive mechanisms in human robot interaction. For example, Electro Encephalography (EEG), Electro Oculo-Graphy (EOG), Functional MRI (fMRI), Near Infra-red imaging systems (NIRS), post-hoc explicitation techniques and think aloud protocols across the dimensions of intrusiveness, observer effect (how easy it is for the participants to be completely forget about the fact that they are a part of experiment), apparatus constraints (size and cost of the apparatus), time granularity (data resolution) and abstraction from the underlying cognitive mechanisms (what is the depth of the physiological data can be captured by the given process). 

4. Experimental setup and the study: we would like to raise the fact that the purpose of having mentioned the study in the paper was to exemplify one of the scenarios mentioned in the paper. The reviewers felt that there were some missing details while describing the experiment. We propose to provide those details in the improved version of this paper.

5. We would like to emphasize on the fact that no such paper, covering practical techniques of eye-tracking to investigate the underlying cognitive mechanisms in human robot interaction, is available. Hence, the improved paper will still be useful for the readers and fits especially well into the 'enabling methods' theme. We completely agree to the reviewers that within the limit of eight pages it is a difficult task; but since in the improved version, we focus on the cognitive side of the human robot interaction only, incorporating all the reviews might not be as difficult as it would have previously been. 

6. Finally, there were some concerns raised by the reviewers regarding some of the terms used in the papers. We propose to correct them in the improved version of the paper.
